docs: improve win.setContentProtection() docs (#46596)
electron/electron: docs/api/browser-window.md

Prevents the window contents from being captured by other apps.

On macOS it sets the NSWindow's [`sharingType`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nswindow/sharingtype-swift.property?language=objc) to [`NSWindowSharingNone`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nswindow/sharingtype-swift.enum/none?language=objc).

> On Windows it calls [`SetWindowDisplayAffinity`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-setwindowdisplayaffinity) with `WDA_EXCLUDEFROMCAPTURE`.

Reviewer: This actually changed recently. It now sets it to `WDA_MONITOR`.

See https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/45990#issuecomment-2720567905.

Reviewer: @miniak Have you had a chance to take a look?

Reviewer: Added a commit myself because there has been no activity here.

> On Windows it calls [`SetWindowDisplayAffinity`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-setwindowdisplayaffinity) with `WDA_EXCLUDEFROMCAPTURE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows it calls [`SetWindowDisplayAffinity`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-setwindowdisplayaffinity) with `WDA_MONITOR`.
```

> For Windows 10 version 2004 and up the window will be removed from capture entirely,
> older Windows versions behave as if `WDA_MONITOR` is applied capturing a black window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, the window will be captured as a black window.
```
